Hello friends, in today's video we will
talk about ICICIG share.  Today in this video we will understand
what important levels, targets,
important support and resistance levels can be
formed here for the next trading week in ICICI share.
If we
talk about the trend of the stock here, then we will see
that the stock was earlier
seen in a continuous clear up trend here.
Earlier we were seeing the
pattern of Higher, High, Higher Low in the stock here.
But then the stock
took resistance here.
Even after this, we are again
seeing a decline in the stock here.
From here we can now see a lower lower high pattern in the stock.
In today's trading session, we have
seen a negative closing of 1.32% in the stock here.
So from here let us talk about stocks.
From here, if this decline in the stock continues.
In the conditions of decline from here, we have the stock here, the
first support of 1702 will be seen here.
If the stock breaks this here also, then from
here we can see support levels in the stock up to 1621
and then from here we can also see support levels up to 1507 in the stock.
And if
there is a recovery in the stock from here, then
in the conditions of more recovery, we have the stock here, the
first resistance of 1802 will be seen here.
If the stock breaks this here also, then from
here we can see the resistance levels in the stock till 1980
and then from here we can see the resistance levels till 2074 in the stock.
So there are
some important levels in the stock.  There is
no buy share holding advice in the rest of the video.   The
video is for educational purposes only.
Thank you.